c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleApp.deps.json
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleApp.exe
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.core.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\testcentric.engine.metadata.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.deps.json
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.pdb
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleApp.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\bin\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleApp.pdb
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\MiSimpleAppTests.dll
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.pdb
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\MiSimpleAppTests.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\BELU\go\src\github.com\belenaguilarv\IngenieriaDeSoftware3\TP9 - Unit Test\MiSimpleAppTests\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\MiSimpleAppTests.dll
